Brooklyn Underground

Plan:
	- To Do
		Blog
			- Artist playing this weekend, reviews, articles, etc...
		GPS/Venue Database
			- Make a list of venues, get their contact info and links
				Name, Phone number, Email, URL, Address, Calendar Link, any Social Media Links
			- Nearing release of website, start updating all shows weekly
			- Yelp-like map
			- name ideas: BKL (BK Live)
	Start writing articles
	Begin compiling database of venue information



Articles:

	-Album/Song/Concert Reviews/Criticism --- accept submissions
	-Venue Reviews, Video interview owners and get footage of the bar/venue. Bars could use the videos on their own website
		Maybe do a bunch of reviews, pick the best 3, make a 5 minute video with them
		Do multiple of these 5 minute videos for different types of venues, 3 best bar venues, 3 best big venues (Roulette), etc…
	-Where to Rehearse? Do an article or series about different rehearsal-spaces, breaking down cost, space, location, etc.
		Could do something similar with recording studios. The studio pieces may resemle both the rehearsal-space series and the venue series, cost ,equipment, and location breakdowns, as well as videos of the studio and interviews with owners/engineers/artists who have recorded there
	- Video live sets (3-4 songs) of bands in a nice, set up space


Weekly:

	-learning music
	-featured band playing this weekend (title?: Playing this week/end) --- accept submiessions

Who’s Playing Tonight? API/app:

	- Yelp Style map and list
	-Make it easy for venues to create accounts, with names, contact info, google maps api built in, etc
	-Make standardized form with per date criteria looking like:

			Date: 5/8/16
			Cover: $10
			—————————
			Band Name: The Values
			Genre: Classical/BARoque
			Set Time: 10:00
			—————————
			Add Another Band --- Button

	-Plot all venues in BK and LES
	-Go Pitch To Them Directly In Person


Sections:

	Use The City: Content for Musicians (Making Music In The City)
		- Series on Rehearsal-Spaces
		- Series on Recording Studios
		- Series on Venues

	Love The City: Content for Music Goers
		- Who's Playing Tonight?
		- Album/Song/Concert Reviews/Criticism
		- Weekly Featured Band (Who's Playing This Weekend?)
		- Series on Venues

Community Forum, Band Profile Page, Vanue Profile Page
Bands can message each other?
Optimize content (video) for Sharing
	- in 5 minute video venue review, make 40 second cut, with link to full video and website at the end
Weekly/Bi-monthly/Monthly Newsletter with music events


Need:
Brand Logo
Design Style